male narrator: Previously on
"Hit the Floor"...
- What is your name, darling?
- Jamie.
I drove from Chicago
just for these tryouts.
- I'm just a whore
that took down a mega-church.
You were the
best choreographer working.
That's what you were famous
for, that's who I came to see.
- I'm no pushover.
- I'm no pushover, either.
- I'm a rookie.
This is $20,000.
- I thought you could use it.
- Jude, you need to shake
yourself out of it.
- I'm the new sideline reporter
for ISN.
- I'm the executive vice
president of the team.
- You lost your wife
and you lost your job.
Come back to the Devils.
- Does he know about the coke?
- If you take away my alibi,
I'm underwater.
- Drown, bitch.
- You want to adopt me?
- Yeah.
- I can't believe what Raquel
did for me.
- German Vega didn't kill
Olivia.
I did.
- Eve Vincent. I'm Olivia
and Chase's daughter.
- Is this Pete Davenport?
His blood alcohol was .28.
- When I'm done,
there won't be a Devils left.
- London. London, where have
you been?
What have you been doing?
- London, what's it's like
being in the public eye again?
- What do you have to say
about Pastor Curtis?
- Are you still
in love with him, London?
- Will you use any of the moves
on court that got him into bed?
- Have you spoken
to him since he gave
that interview with his wife?
- London, just one comment
about Pastor Curtis, please.
- Get back, you vultures.
Y'all should be ashamed
of yourselves.
How you holding up?
- Great. Fine.
Never been better.
Are you sure about this?
Having me on your team,
all the baggage
that I come with.
- I don't make bad decisions.
You're our choreographer
whether you like it or not.
And you got a big opening game
dance to focus on,
so you better shake
this off real quick.
- I never thought I'd be back.
Not that I had anywhere else
to go.
Thank you.
- Opening game is a sellout.
I got what I paid for.
- Derek.
- Perfect.
- How could you bring him back?
He's unpredictable.
- Is your issue
that he's unpredictable
or that he doesn't like you?
Why I have yet to figure out.
- He thinks I stabbed him in
the back once.
- Did you?
- My issue is
he's self-destructive,
and I don't want him pulling
us down with him.
- Don't worry,
I'm a creative problem solver.
- German?
- Hey, Derek.
- You come to flash your new
championship ring in our faces?
- Hey, Boston's been good to me,
in more ways than one.
They cancelled
my assistant coach contract.
- How is that good?
- So I can sign
my first head coach contract.
Here.
- You're the--
- Let's start running drills,
fellas.
Let's go.
Yeah, I wasn't expecting
the call either.
But I was happy to get it.
- I mean, don't--don't
get me wrong.
I mean, I know you're off
conquering the world now.
I mean, shit, you got more
rings than I do, but...
I mean, here?
With me?
- Look, man, Jelana's
a lot of things,
but stupid isn't one of them.
I mean she saw the way
I turned my life around.
Maybe she thought I could help
you turn your life around too.
- Look, man, my life is fine.
- You know, another coach
might not
know how big of a lie that is.
One that hasn't been hit by
the same hurricane you have.
Look, man, I know things got
pretty crazy for you in Miami.
The fights, the parties,
all of it.
- Any beef you and I had
is in the past.
So is any of
that foolery in Miami.
That was just me
blowing off steam.
I am cool.
- Okay. Cool.
I'll see you out there.
- I will see you out there.
- Hi.
Got a minute?
- Not unless it involves you
making sweet, sweet, love.
And I don't mean to yourself.
Jude.
- It was with
your new sideline reporter.
- Jude.
- I know.
I had no idea.
Awkward, right?
So I was hoping
you could maybe, you know...
shift him.
- Shift him?
- To another arena.
No.
- No?
- Last season was a bust thanks
to your Devils.
Stock in
sleeping pills plummeted
and so did my viewership.
I need to wake people up
this season.
Noah will do that.
He's got a big mouth and an
even bigger online following.
- Has he been on TV before?
- If Carson Daly can do it,
anybody can.
- Well, Lionel--
- You made your bed.
Now you're trying to kick
your little tramp out of it.
Be careful Jude,
your Kinkade is showing.
- Whose locker is that?
- That's mine,
I have a lot of stuff.
- You might as well
just move in.
- Six different gossip sites
just off this morning alone.
Jelana's gonna love this.
- Well, you put yourself
front and center.
Look, we got off
on the wrong foot.
'Kay, we're both new here.
We should have
each other's backs.
- Yeah, we should.
- You're competition, okay?
I was stankface because
you're you and I'm me, and...
I didn't come here
to be Kelly Rowland.
- Kelly Rowland's
a great friend of mine.
- Okay.
Maybe I got a little fancy
in the dance.
I get it.
So if you got my back,
I've got yours.
- Cool.
- Mm-kay.
- Oh, hey! Heard you tried
to get me fired.
- What? No.
No I wouldn't--
- I get it.
You're up here.
I'm down here.
- You're not down here.
- I was that night.
I can handle being
under the same roof.
Clearly you can't.
- Look, I can handle it, okay?
I can handle anything.
I'm a handler.
- Good. Then we won't
have any problems.
- Nope.
- Later, pal.
- The jersey retirement
is scheduled before the game.
- That's a mock-up
of the program.
Every fan will get one.
- The league will pay for it.
All of it.
Including the entire ceremony.
- You don't have to do that.
- It's the commissioner's idea.
Not mine.
- Eve.
I think we should clear
the air about a few things.
- I don't need to be handled.
You're a piece of work.
So was my mother.
You didn't get along.
Life goes on.
S'okay.
- Okay.
- You have a call.
- Take a message.
- It's your adoption lawyer.
- Robert, what's going on?
No, his father
already signed it.
There's no problem.
When?
I don't care about
Jesse Reed's rights.
That man never wanted Miguel.
How could he just
change his mind?
Why would he suddenly do this?
- Lionel Kinkade.
- Davenport.
- Eve Vincent.
I work for
Commissioner Matthews.
- Olivia and Chase's daughter.
- You're doing
a great job with ISN.
It's great to see
a woman in charge,
kicking ass.
- There's a couple
of those around here.
- I was just with Jelana.
She was getting hers kicked.
- What do you mean?
- Miguel's father had a change
of heart on custody.
Apparently someone called
him in Australia
and got him all fired up about
Jelena Howard being
the one to raise him.
- Who would do that?
- Given her reputation,
who wouldn't?
- Well,
from what I heard,
Jesse wasn't
a gold star parent.
- From what I know,
neither was his mother.
Raquel Saldana confessed
to doing something pretty awful
to my mother.
I don't take joy
in seeing her son suffer,
but I can't
give sympathy either.
- He's been Jelena's life for
the past year and a half.
I can't imagine what
this will do to her.
- Or the Devils.
When an owner takes a hit,
the entire team can spiral.
I'd hate to see that happen.
You know, I'm new here.
I could use a lay of the land,
figure out how I can help.
You're connected to everyone.
Drinks sometime?
On the League?
- I'll check my schedule.
- Hail Derek Roman!
The Emperor has returned,
y'all.
- Man, when I got called up
by LA, my mind was blown.
Playing in the pros.
I had no idea Derek Roman
was gonna be on the team.
- Neither did Derek Roman.
- Top rebounder in the league
three years in a row.
Four time all-star.
Your favorite artist is Tupac,
and your favorite color,
money.
- What's my favorite drink?
- Jack Silver.
You got it.
- Hello, I didn't
know anyone was in here.
In my bedroom, naked.
- Just changing into
a bathing suit.
- Don't let me stop you.
You a rookie?
- Yeah, fresh and new
and out of the box.
- Okay,
From where?
- Chicago.
- Yeah, that's where I'm from.
- I know.
Any advice for a noobie?
- I was an absolute mess
my first few seasons.
- Hmm.
Till your wife cleaned you up.
- Ex-wife.
- Well, her loss,
someone else's gain
Thanks for the chat,
and by the way,
I knew you were watching
the whole time.
What's that?
Jack Silver.
- My favorite.
- Where's my drink?
- I was just about to get it.
- Hey, rook,
I dinged your Maserati, bro.
It's fine,
you got insurance, right?
- Mary Beth, I'll just hold
onto this and your keys
until we can find someone
to drive your drunk ass home.
How's it going, darling?
- Uh...
king of the world.
- Or?
- Or I feel like the help
and I'm lucky to be here.
- You're a Devil.
Vodka stinger,
straight up with a twist.
- Yeah, I bought a car
I can't afford to put gas in,
clothes I can't afford
to dry clean,
and a watch I can't afford
a battery for.
How can you be
a big baller without
a big baller bank account?
- Story of my life.
Jelena only just gave me
the chance to score off
the dancers, if they don't
blow it for me first.
Maggie, get down off that.
That is not a swing.
Oh, wait, it is a swing.
Get down anyway!
- This party's invite only,
son.
Who you here with?
- John.
- There's no John here, man.
- How could there be no
John here?
Every party has a John.
- He's my date.
- Mm-hmm.
- You didn't have to do that.
- I did.
I'm not a fan of people being
told they don't belong.
You're the internet guy.
You work for ISN.
- I'm off duty.
- Hmm.
Too bad, there's no
time like camera time.
- You're a Devil girl,
like London.
- No.
Like Jamie.
- What's your story?
- I don't have one.
Yet.
But, by the end
of the season...
you'll know my name.
- Can I quote you on that?
- Thought you were off duty?
- I'm never off duty.
- Well,
off the record, it's...
hard to break through
when the press
is breaking down
the door for London.
- You're just gonna have
to break down your own.
- Those things'll kill you.
- So's hiding in here
when the party's out there.
- Well...
Kyle tricked me
into coming here.
She said she wanted
to go over some steps.
And plus, I've been
photographed enough for today.
- Hey, about that,
I wanted to say thank you.
I mean, you had
the paparazzi
all whipped up
at the front door.
I was able to just slide
through the side.
- Well, thank you for
the rescue.
You're such a gentleman.
- No one ever said I was
a gentleman.
- I know all about you.
- Don't believe everything
you hear.
- I couldn't agree more.
So...
you got a great place,
and a big game tomorrow.
- Yeah, it is game 600
and whatever of my career.
- But it's not, really.
Look, this ain't
my first dance either,
I've choreographed a thousand.
But every time we go out there,
it's like we got to prove
ourselves all over again.
- One day you're a god
and the next...
no--no one understands
what we go through.
- We don't even understand
You scared?
- Terrified.
- Well, that's why they call
them loopholes.
You have to find them.
Look harder.
I have to go.
- Is everything okay?
- Yeah, everything's fine.
Go back to bed.
Go.
- No, Kyle, you stay and party.
I had to go because
I have a dance in the morning
and I need to make sure I have
a quiet night.
Okay?
Bye.
- London.
- Curtis,
what are you doing here?
- Invite me in?
- No, I will not invite you in.
- What if I told you I left?
- The church?
- My wife.
- You promised me
that the entire time
we were together.
Why now?
- 'Cause I don't love her.
London, I love you.
- Just...
You said you loved me before
and that didn't
make a difference.
- I made some bad decisions.
But you gotta admit this whole
situation was crazy.
Look, forget all that.
You and me can be together now.
I believe that.
Away from here.
- Away?
- Yeah.
London, I came
to make things right.
You and me are what's right.
Baby, come away with me.
- It was because
of Oscar Kinkade
my parents kept me so far away.
- I don't blame them.
- But you're best friends
with his son.
- I don't remember telling you
about my friendship with Jude.
- I'm a researcher.
- I'm not a fan
of being researched.
Your turn.
What made you want
to work for the League?
- There are things
my mother and father worked for
that didn't turn out
the way they should have.
With the power of the League
I'll be able to correct that.
- It must have
been tough growing up
so far away from home.
- Hmm.
Closeness is just
a state of mind.
That's from one of my movies.
- "Ecstasy."
- So you're the one
that bought that ticket.
- Illegally downloaded it.
I must have watched
that one scene 20 times.
So sexy.
- He was a pill.
- I meant the woman.
- 20 times is a lot.
- I told you,
I'm a researcher.
- Uh...
Sorry, wrong room.
- No.
Come in.
Karla is a friend of mine.
She told me about
the fun you had here.
How gifted you are.
- Look, I don't know
what she told you,
but what happened here--
- She paid you.
- Was an accident.
- And?
- And how much
are we talking about here?
- I heard about your endowment.
Let's just say mine will match.
But of course...
It's up to you.
- Derek.
Couldn't find my invite.
- I ran out
of spit for my stamps.
- What the hell
are you doing throwing a party
the night before
the first game of the season?
- Don't worry about me.
- I don't care about you.
I care about every other player
that should be home
that you lured here.
- I can't help it if people
want to be around me.
- If you're not
gonna work with me,
at least don't work against me.
- I don't work for you period.
You are not the coach.
You're not the owner.
You're nothing.
I'm gonna have
to write two checks
for the size of that thing.
And Venmo the rest.
Oh.
Ooh.
- Oh.
It's just you.
- Oh, thanks, I'm not
getting that enough tonight.
- Aw.
- Can't hear myself think
out there.
And what are you doing in here?
- Rummaging.
I've found three--four
different illegal substances
in four different rooms.
It's like they're themed.
- Remind me never
to leave you in my place alone.
- What would I find?
Have a special drawer, Jude?
- Do you ever stop?
- Not even when I hear
the safe word.
- Can't believe
you were invited
to a Devils party
and I wasn't.
- I wasn't invited.
- So you're crashing too.
Kind of crazy we both
meet somewhere neither
of us was supposed to be.
- You're a romantic.
- I didn't mean
that romantically.
- You didn't have
to mean it that way
for it to be that way.
God, you're adorable
when you fidget.
- I'm not adorable
when I anything.
- Who told you that?
- Anyone I've ever met.
- You haven't met me.
- You're my best friend.
- Nope, that's a wrap.
No, get down off of there.
My entire livelihood rests
on y'all.
If I see one second
of this on Snapchat
you will regret
this with your lives.
- What about Insta?
Mother--
- Fire!
- Apparently,
cigars are bad for you,
and a cracked gas line.
Nobody got hurt, but,
it's basically destroyed.
Maybe I'm still working through
a few things.
- You could have called me.
- And said what?
Your first big coaching
opportunity
is a bomb ready to go off?
- Yeah.
And I would have lit the wick.
- You have more
to lose than I do.
- What do I have
to lose, Derek?
No one expects me
to turn this team around.
And after Miami, everyone
knows you're a disaster.
Look, man, if the Devils win,
I look amazing.
If the Devils lose,
everyone's gonna blame you.
I'm gambling with house money.
But this...
This is what I want
to see on the court.
Derek in beast mode
is a glorious thing.
Let's go beast.
- My entire career,
my entire marriage,
everything happened in
that house.
- Freud says
"There are no mistakes."
You meant to burn it down.
- You quoting Freud now?
- Freud, Lenny Kravtiz,
Kung-Fu Panda,
I don't know who said it.
But my point remains.
I broke free
'cause I broke free.
It's your turn.
New chapter starts here.
- Hi.
- Checking on me.
I'm touched.
- I was actually wondering
if you could stop rerunning
your joke package on the fire.
- Nope, sorry. Lionel gave me
M&M's because of it.
I love M&M's.
Okay. Okay, look.
Maybe I was...
also checking on you.
Look, my job...
involves sensitive information,
things people can't know about.
And I can't be with someone
who's gonna take
everything I say
and just put it on blast.
- And I can't keep a secret.
I know me, Jude,
I'm physically incapable.
I am a walking hot mic.
It's either a fire you're
willing to play with
or it's not.
- Last night was interesting.
- Interesting's a word
you'd use in
a middle school book report.
- Life-altering.
- That's a start.
- A start implies
a continuation.
- Hmm...
I have to get ready for
the game.
See you around.
- Since law school didn't work
out so well,
next time try clown college.
- Saved me my first question.
Look, Jelena,
you put up a good fight,
but at some point you need
to accept when it's game over.
- If I haven't won
then it's not game over.
- This may come as a shock,
Jelena, but people lose.
I lost my marriage,
I lost my house--
- Oh, good job with
that by the way.
- Sometimes winning is what you
do with that loss.
- What are you saying?
- I'm saying
you're putting Miguel
on a plane in a few hours.
You need to prepare him.
- Los Angeles Devils
number 23,
Pete Davenport,
ladies and gentlemen.
- Hands up, fellas!
- How did you get in here?
- Told security I was
looking for you.
He let me right in.
- People are gonna be talking
about this.
- Let 'em.
I came for your decision.
I've been waiting,
grew impatient.
- It took you months
to come to me,
and you need to know if I'm
gonna get back with you
in five minutes?
You don't want me
to go on that court.
You don't want me.
You just don't want me
to make things worse for you.
- Things are barely dying down,
London.
Do you realize what going out
there would do to both of us?
Dressed like that.
If you go out there you're just
gonna keep things going,
you're gonna whip it
right back up.
- You never worried
about me in any of this.
So I'm not gonna worry
about you.
I'ma live my life.
And if that hurts you...
then too bad.
You know when they call
your name out there,
those 20,000 people?
They might not be shouting it
the way you want.
- Go to hell, Pastor.
- You okay?
- I just don't know if I want
to be tarred and feathered
in front of an entire arena.
- Well, the arena
and the rest of the country.
- What are you talking about?
- Well,
the sideline reporter
told me ISN's broadcasting it,
so...
whatever happens out there...
- Oh, my God.
And I have a solo.
Perfect way to single me out.
- Well, I mean, I can do it.
I know it.
- Whatever's about to happen
needs to happen real quick.
We're up.
- Thank you.
- I won't screw it up.
get ya, get ya
- Miguel.
You know where you're going.
This is a new chapter for you.
It's scary.
You've seen so much
by such a young age.
So had I.
I grew up in a house
that was not nice.
I was scared every day.
But, today I own a team.
I got everything I ever wanted.
And you wanna know how
I did it?
By controlling my emotions.
So no one could hurt me.
And that's what you need to do.
Be tough.
Be strong.
Turn off your feelings.
I'll show you how it's done.
I'm not taking you
to the airport.
You're going with her.
Goodbye.
- Let's go, Miguel.
- Devils take the tip.
the outlet to Low.
Oh, and the follow-up.
Beautiful put back.
- Come on,
I don't see elbows!
Come on!
- Roman steals the ball.
Quick touch pass
and back to Roman.
Devils win.
- Yeah!
- It has been a really
difficult time for
the star player recently with
the loss of his house but--
- Yes, but the Devils' marquis
player was able to bring...
- Perhaps released some
of his demons.
- That has got
to be a great feeling
for new coach,
German Vega.
This could be a sign of good
things to come from him.
- There's Roman showing you
tonight
a completely dominant--
- All right, baby,
first round of drinks
at the Playground is on me!
Hey, Devil girls too, all
right, my treat.
- Uh-uh.
Uh-uh.
Y'all are grounded,
young ladies.
You cost me some serious
coin last night.
Now I gotta go back
on the prowl.
No, I will be rich by
the end of this season
or I'll kill y'all trying.
- That was
the messiest dunk
since my grandma
discovered Oreos.
She's dead now, but
Derek Roman is very much alive.
- You are jacked in the head.
Has anyone ever told you that?
- Daily.
Listen, hey, it's good
to be home, Devils nation.
Rise up.
- Rise up!
- So what did you think about
the dance?
- Sick.
- So it looked good on camera?
Jamie said you were airing it.
- Why would she say that?
- Congratulations.
- Thank you.
- German.
I'm Eve.
Olivia and Chase's daughter.
You took the fall for
what Raquel did to my mother.
You were protecting
a single mom.
And what my dad did
to you as a result,
I just...
If you ever need anything
just let me know.
- Catch ya later, Jamie.
- Bye.
- Congratulations.
The crowd loved your dance.
- Congratulations
for stealing it.
- But you were rattled.
I took
the attention off of you.
- And put it on yourself.
- You worried about surviving
a scandal?
You don't know
what surviving is.
- I know what
dog-faced lying is.
So much for having
each other's backs.
- I didn't do it to hurt you.
I did it to help me.
- What matters is
that you did it at all.
But that's my fault
for giving you the chance,
and trust me I will never
make that mistake again.
But I got your number, boo.
Watch me call it.
- Flight 839
direct service to Sydney
will be departing shortly.
Please have your boarding
passes out...
- Miguel forgot his game.
I sent him off in a way that...
It wasn't right.
I'm still responsible for him.
I'll walk him to the gate.
Give him the goodbye
the deserves.
- Of course.
- Where are we going?
- I said I would walk you
to the gate.
I didn't say which one.
You know, Miguel, I forgot
the most important lesson.
You can't lose
if you change the game.
- Another Vincent
in Devils Arena.
- When I got the job
at the League,
there was no Derek Roman in
Devils Arena either.
Life's full of surprises.
- Well, hopefully
I'm a good one.
- Well, you will certainly be
good for ratings.
Can you shatter
a backboard every game?
- I'll see what I can do.
- Okay.
- Jude, where've you been?
Where's Jelana?
Jude.
- Jelana's gone.
She, uh, took Miguel.
She's gone.
- Wait, what do you mean
she took off?
What about the team?
- She did a quick sale.
- To who?
- Me.
I'm the new owner
of the Los Angeles Devils.
- Next time on
"Hit The Floor"...
- That must feel good.
- Doesn't feel bad.
- You don't know feeling bad.
Yet.
- We're gonna make millions
together!
- Oh, God!
- How would you
feel making double?
- Why don't we go triple?
- I thought you'd never ask.
- You are in some back office
and I'm on the damn court.
You don't like it,
trade me.
- I need some gas thrown
on a fire.
- If you want
an explosion
you're gonna have to dig deep
to some real shit.
- Oh!